---
title:  "Lying the Truth: Movie Expansion Pack in Shocking 2D"
image: a-cinderella-story-1.jpg
---

A Cinderella Story

Part 1: Character Assassination 

Before I indulge my passive aggressive tirade on the many flaws this movie has I am offering a disclaimer… Hilary Duff, as always, was magnificent and is the only reason I watched it at the cinema 3 times. She has the elegance of a gazelle and a level of coyness that would melt the face off a nun. Her eyes are like majestic ravines a washed with serenity and candy floss. The only problem with the movie was she’s surrounded by fucking toilets from her fellow cast, scriptwriters, the director and hell I’ll even throw the unpaid assistants under the bus. Chad Michael Murray has the likeability of an infected spinal column sandwich. His demeanour in front of the camera (not just in this movie but every travesty to the eyes he has ever been involved with) is that of a slightly edgy goth who got told off by his mum and made to wear normal clothes and try to hang out with normal guys. He’s the kind of guy that his mum would pay you to be his friend and you have to begrudgingly hang out but purely for the new Gameboy that you’ve always wanted whilst constantly praying that no one cool sees you. His character in the movie is fairly generic to that of the teen highschool movie genre, that of a wealthy popular jock who ends up falling for the girl no one knows. His delivery of this character for 90 minutes carries the equivalent talent of a hairless baboon and delivers the emotional vigour of attempting to masturbate to a yoga documentary. The casting of Chad Michael Murray for this or any role for that matter is the same as booking a superhero for your child’s birthday party and choosing Cyclops… the worst cry baby superhero that none of the kids like or respect. It’s a shit move and proves you either hate your kids or are just plain stupid.

Part 2: The Hippoplotamus in the Room (I know the saying is elephant but plot doesn’t go into elephant so I made a life choice to change the animal, it’s still big and fat ok)

The plot to this movie is a wonderful young girl with dreams of grandeur is trapped in a horrible situation and is balancing hard life realities with the pressure of being a proverbial nobody in a systemically stunted stereotypical highschool experience. She is secretly cyber conversing on some ivy league chat room with the aforementioned Chad Michael Murray who despite having the silver spoon rammed tightly up his ass feels troubled because no one gets the real him, a lavish battery powered cylindrical device designed to wreak havoc on a ladies nether region (yes an expensive dildo). Anyway Hilary shows up to a fancy masquerade party wearing a wedding dress and an eye mask and finally our 2 star crossed cyber converses meet, only he has no idea who she is despite the movie writers and director making it pretty clear in the preceding 40 minutes that they have indeed met many times. This is just wildly insulting, I know Cinderella is a kids fairy tale type story but come on, SHE IS ONLY WEARING A FREAKING EYE MASK! Is this a stark indictment of terrible script writing or was I just not the target audience for this film. Either way to not know that was Hilary Duff is just plain right ridiculous. Chad then spends a good 30 minutes attempting to find out who the mystery woman was (FUCKING HILARY DUFF IN AN EYE MASK DUDE) as we the audience look on baffled like someone is telling us a 30 minute story about how lettuce is good source of nutrients if worn daily around the anal cavity. As a superhero fan I know that Superman does it too and I also hate that so I’m nothing if not consistent. The movie ends with both of them kissing in the bleaches like a Taylor Swift song whilst a football game (American) which he abandons half way through is going on.  A tragic ending to a waste of Hilary Duff’s time. 

Overall this movie gets 8 out of 10.


